hello guys and Gabriel from gray apps
and in this video I'm going to show you
some of my favorite iOS applications on
my ipod hugs
so my fan favorite applications on the
ipod touch is the Twitter application
everybody knows what Twitter is social
networking the website when you can post
updates and read and follow other people
so you can read your day r updates so
this one of my favorites the other one
is that little application here called
Pandora Boxx of what Pandora Boxx is you
can actually browse all the free
applications and yeah it's like a in app
store browsing application like yeah
very useful if you don't want to pay for
applications and want to see what which
is free for a day and stuff another
favorite application of my is meebo this
one right here which is actually a
social and working eastern messaging
application where you can log into
Facebook MSN I get who mail or
everything else and I think it's skype
to it I'm not sure and you're going to
exceed the app and it will send you push
notifications two new messages so it sir
one of my favorites another favorite
application of mine is we do that
actually game where you play online with
other people and you draw a world that
is given to you and the others have to
understand what's the what's the word
you trying to draw and you do the same
thing with the others and yeah pretty
cool game radiant is one of my favorite
games ever on the ipod touch it's a
lycra varmint space invaders game super
cool game like with new graphics its
keep it keeps the 8-bit feeling but
you'd add some new facts and stuff and
it's one of my favorite applications on
the ipod touch yahoo music is all
so definitely another favorite
application of mine because I think it's
awesome you can listen to music you know
just select tenors and styles and ages
like 70s 60s music and here to them and
it also supports multitasking another
great application is soundhound when
where it actually can understand what
song is playing and just tell you the
lyrics browse out our trysts albums and
yeah super cool obligation another cool
application is that metronome right here
if your music player as I am you should
definitely find this application really
helpful convert units for free that
little application right here is another
here's another cool very cool
application where you can convert units
like it can also translate languages and
currency everything you want to convert
another application is P test where you
can test your internet speed the other
one is I push test with actually let me
open it for you it runs a person
tification test like timed because
several iPods can receive personal
identification and you have to configure
some dns things and that with that
application you can test if the pru
certificates are actually working IQ
weather is definitely another cool
application we say love personally you
can take the weather 15 day it's like
the website but in an application
facebook of course skype this p SE is d
well it's aight aight stay because i'm
running on the retina display screen
it's a periodic table actually which
will help you find science if you're
studying science or just like signs
really detailed just let me pick
hydrogen and yeah it gives you that card
and you can tap on it and yeah general
basic information discover a picture
element which is really cool because you
can see how it looks like in real life
paper toss another of my favorite games
I / a great game is the game of the
mound from the great I ops website star
dunk 3 connect really cool game and
that's basically it i'm gabriel from
gray tie ups and thank you very much for
watching this video let's go to create a
apps if you have an iphone ipod touch
her and I but you should have an iphone
and ipad or an ipod run a knife edge
towards this failure but yeah anyway
it's great I apps I'm a nap reviewer at
that side it review great applications
like we have top five here and yet
please check it out the type decide is
new and needs your support it's great I
up stuff blogspot com be sure to check
it out I'll have a link in the
description and if you are interested in
reviewing please contact me and send me
a personal message so i can conduct
human send you the application form and
also add me on gamecenter t7 if you ate
I will be very happy to accept you and
see you in the next video